drf的认证是基于django的middleware

## 设置认证策略

The default authentication schemes may be set globally, using the `DEFAULT_AUTHENTICATION_CLASSES` setting. For example.

```python
REST_FRAMEWORK = {
    'DEFAULT_AUTHENTICATION_CLASSES': [
        'rest_framework.authentication.BasicAuthentication',
        'rest_framework.authentication.SessionAuthentication',
        'rest_framework.authentication.TokenAuthentication',
    ]
}
```

## 注册drf认证模块，并生成数据表

This authentication scheme uses a simple token-based HTTP Authentication scheme. Token authentication is appropriate for client-server setups, such as native desktop and mobile clients.

To use the `TokenAuthentication` scheme you'll need to [configure the authentication classes](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/authentication/#setting-the-authentication-scheme) to include `TokenAuthentication`, and additionally include `rest_framework.authtoken` in your `INSTALLED_APPS` setting:

```python
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    ...
    'rest_framework.authtoken'
]
```

------

**Note:** Make sure to run `manage.py migrate` after changing your settings. The `rest_framework.authtoken` app provides Django database migrations.

------

## 配置url

When using `TokenAuthentication`, you may want to provide a mechanism for clients to obtain a token given the username and password. REST framework provides a built-in view to provide this behavior. To use it, add the `obtain_auth_token` view to your URLconf:

```python
from rest_framework.authtoken import views
urlpatterns += [
    path('api-token-auth/', views.obtain_auth_token)
]
```

生成token的逻辑，了解即可

You'll also need to create tokens for your users.

```python
from rest_framework.authtoken.models import Token

token = Token.objects.create(user=...)
print(token.key)
```

## 使用token

For clients to authenticate, the token key should be included in the `Authorization` HTTP header. The key should be prefixed by the string literal "Token", with whitespace separating the two strings. For example:

```
Authorization: Token 9944b09199c62bcf9418ad846dd0e4bbdfc6ee4b
```

## 存在问题

token没有过期时间